The Joe Rogan experience. Kyle Kalinsky sent me something.
Today. I wanted you to see Jamie. It's a, some thing.
There's some going down with UFO sightings.
Oh yeah. I've been there before.
Yeah. But yeah, I'll send it. I'll send it to you.
I've been following this stuff. Yeah. It's um, hold on one second, Jen.
All right. I just texted it to you. Pentagon officially releases UFO.
This is the tweet.
It says a new Pentagon formally released three mysterious UFO videos captured by
Navy pilots.
The already leaked videos showed what DOD insist on calling
unidentified aerial phenomenon. Um,
moving at incredible speeds and per performing near impossible maneuvers.
This isn't weird subject because it's one of those subjects where people
automatically dismiss it because it's been,
so it's been so touted by kooks.
There's so many wacky that have talked about UFO's that
anybody talking about UFO's has to be out of their mind.
But then when you see these videos and you see them performing these
impossible tasks, like th these,
these things are moving in a way that we've never seen anything move before
flipping upside down and sideways, moving at insane rates of speed.
Like they don't know what these are. Yeah. Phenomenon.
Interesting though,
as I was reading one of these stories and they passively mentioned that the
siding was near a technology and a us Naval like technology station of some
sort, like a top secret development. And I'm like.
Okay, it could be one of two things either, right?
It's developed by the people that are at that base,
or they're monitoring the people that are out that base. These aircraft,
we call them aircraft are displaying characteristics that are not currently
within the U S inventory nor any foreign inventory that we are aware of.
Maybe they see this that's going down with China and all the ships being moved
and like, listen, you heads. Yeah. Maybe they'll listen to you.
morons. You territorial. [inaudible].
I'd like to think that, but you don't think so Manhattan project, man. I mean,
the U S has probably got some crazy weapons.
You know, it could be,
but the Manhattan project was also coincidentally right after they started
detonating bombs and the aliens started showing up. That's what they think.
Right? Yeah. Well,
that was when the bulk of us sightings started jumping and worldwide.
I believe too.
You know, maybe, uh,
we we've slowly been getting more and more information about this.
I've been actually reading a lot of these stories over the past several months.
Um, more admissions from government,
more release of documents and more sightings. So there's been a big,
I don't want to call it. Well,
a lot of people murmuring that April was going to be the month when we finally
learned the truth. April almost up.
It's almost up, I'm going to stop. We've got like a few days and 27th,
no more days is left. You know, 30, you.
Know, about what happened. Uh, do you know about the O'Hare airport siding?
Which one's up? So this was, I think in like,
oh six at Chicago's international,
O'Hare a UFO came down and hovered above.
I think it w I can't remember what terminal it was, uh,
hovered for a few minutes, I think, and then shot straight,
punched a hole in the clouds. Everybody saw it happen.
Now I had just quit working at O'Hare around this time when the siding happened.
So I had friends who were still there.
I had a friend telling me that when this UFO came down, people on Manheim road,
where, which is the road on the side of O'Hare got out of their cars,
like just stopped. The light, got up and were looking and staring at it.
And that the people were, who are working, where we worked.
We worked for American Eagle airlines,
walked out of the rooms and we're just staring at it float,
and then shoot up and punch a hole in the clouds. You know,
they said weather phenomenon. So there's a photo of it. Uh,
a pilot took a photo of it. This is back when like very early phone cameras.
It's a very grainy, awful picture. There it is right there.
That's that's not it. No, no, no. That's super fake. Uh, I think no,
th these are all people trying to fake.
It's really hard to find that one is not that one might be it,
but I don't think so. It, it barely.
Looks like, oh, hair, UFO sighting, 2006. Is that it right there?
I do not believe those are it. No. So.
It will click on that article. See what it says, Jeremy, it's just some.
Blog that one might be on the left,
but so many people try exploding this stuff for clicks and for views.
And they make these fake photos and links not working.
I'll click on a few times. It was a very, very faint photo from the,
from the cockpit. It might be that one right there in the middle, on the, uh,
on the, so on the left side, it might be that one. No, no, that's not.
It that's not it. Well, there was a really crappy photo of it.
And that might be it. That might be, it was a really,
it was out of the cockpit of a window. A pilot took a photo and, you know,
I wonder where have all the sightings gone since phones became ubiquitous.
I mean, this is a simple, you know, I guess,
excuse the aliens. They're sentient. They know we have phones. They're like,
okay, stop, you know, de cloaking or whatever, but I want,
or I wonder if you know,
why is it there were so many UFO's and around the time cell phone cameras come
out, they're gone.
Well, I think most people are full of. Yeah. Yeah.
I think most people like to pretend they see things that don't really see
things, but know, I don't think that excludes the possibility. It's not like,
it's not like it's, these are the things are mutually exclusive.
Like people are full of. Therefore aliens don't exist.
I think aliens could be real and people are full of.
And I think that it could be, it's very rare that they visit us.
But if they do like, well,
how often does scientists go to the Congo to study chimps? I mean,
how many people do they send? Let me,
let me the bottom of the ocean to look for new life forms. How rare is it.
Trip you out? Okay. On that idea, we put decoys up for animals. Animals.
Can't tell the difference. What if you've actually met a decoy person?
You couldn't tell the difference.
Maybe it's you bro. Maybe it's me. That's right. Hey, let's, we'll be here,
but it works so much. You don't get tired. No.
So you're interested in news and disseminating factual evidence because what
we're actually doing is collecting a database.
For the, for the aliens.
Now. But I thought about this because I saw a photo on Reddit of, um, a Puffin.
I think it's called the bird and they,
they put up a fake Puffin and it's because I think they're called puffins.
It's because the birds don't like, you know,
nesting in places where they're alone. And so I put in the decoy there,
the other birds would start coming and like one bird showed up and was hanging
out with the decoy. And I'm like, could you imagine, like you see, like, we, we,
we put duck decoys in the water. We do duck calls and the ducks like, Ooh, Hey,
fly, honey. I'm gonna come over and check this out. And it's like a woodblock.
Could you imagine,
like seeing like a beautiful woman or someone you're attracted to and being
like, Ooh, look at that.
And it's really like an alien decoy just to like probe you and like better
understand you or something. Decoy.
Just the term decoys weird. Because decor are used for hunting,
like a Turkey it's Turkey season right now. And the way the hunt,
most guys hunt for turkeys, they take a rubber Turkey.
You put that out in the middle of the field and then you hide behind a Bush with
a shotgun. Yeah. And then turkeys like,
hear it and they'd come over. They, and they,
they try to get some and then they get shot.
You know, you see some dude and or it's like, you see it for you.
It'd probably be a beautiful woman. You want to get that and you know,
and then she's going.
Hey, Hey, come over here. And you're like, oh, Hey me. And then I get eaten. No.
No. They just, you know, take it from the ship. Probean.
What about your button? This is the thing about putting things up your button.
Most doctors don't even do that.
Like they have MRIs now doesn't aliens need to probe you and your.
I think it's just what everyone's afraid of.
They're afraid of things go in their.
So that's what they think is going to happen.
If the aliens get them freeze me and somebody's.
Somebody told the dumb story back in the day and it was the most sensational
version. Everybody had to have it. So they were like,
that's what they went with.
You know, maybe, or maybe they do that to keep you, keep your mouth, shut the,
you in the. Just so you keep your mouth shut.
Or some dude actually got abducted, right? Yeah.
And he comes back and he's like, they think they won against me.
I think they beat me. They put up with my butt. They're weirdos.
Do you ever hear the word? It's a story of a Betty and Barney hill? No,
it's the very first UFO abduction story. It's an ancient story. And, uh,
what's crazy is Angela Hill. Who's a UFC fighter.
I had her on the podcast and after the show,
she told me her grandpa was Barney hill. Whoa. And I was like, holy. Like,
we forgot that we didn't talk about it during the show,
but she wanted to bring it up because she knows I'm kind of obsessed with UFO's.
But the account that they have,
like they get hypnotized and he's recalling the abduction and they have like the
same story. It's very terrifying. But you hear him crying and screaming.
And you know that he was taking a board of this craft and examined then brought
back and they have missing time. But here's the thing. If they only did that,
occasionally they only came down once every few years just scoop some person up
in the middle of some rural place. Like if you're flying over, you know,
I think their instance was in, I believe it was in Maine.
If you're flying over somewhere like Maine,
which is a very low population state,
and you see a loan car and it's just traveling on the highway and there's places
in Maine where you go from like Portland to Bangor.
When you're traveling on that road, it's like 60 miles with nothing,
not a gas station. Nothing.
If you were an alien and you saw a car by itself, like no other car was move in.
We got one.
Isn't it just easier to think it's the us government.
No, cause we didn't have the capability of doing something like that.
I don't think,
I don't think the capability of the scientists working for the government is any
different than the capability of the science scientists that are working for,
you know,
project X or w fill in the blanks in terms of like
what Raytheon publicly traded companies, uh,
how long.
Look at quad copters don't seem all that complicated to me. Quad copters. Yeah.
Like a helicopter, like drones, you know,
we've seen a little drone toys you buy, they got four propellers take,
take that concept, use thinner, you know,
jets and surround it in a disk so that it's, you know, universally,
like it can move in any direction because it's gotten, you know,
cause it's one pressure.
Source. Where's the gas tank.
Well lithium-ion battery or come on that you talking space,
like this is, this hasn't even been invented yet.
Think about how little mileage you can get out of a Tesla. You know,
they had none as advanced as Tesla is still, when it's going full out,
it can only go for, I mean, you get 307 miles if you drive like a grandma,
but if you drive like a maniac, you know what I mean? You'd have that.
You know, uh, I, I could be wrong about this, but uh,
I'm pretty sure that they had this flying platform in the seventies that uses
gas power. And they've also had jet packs for a long.
Time. No,
they've ha sort of they've had jet packs that are capable of going for like 30
seconds. They don't I've I've experienced.
I'm pretty sure the jet packs back in the day when for a long.
Time. No, no, they definitely didn't. We can look it up. Yeah, let's look it up.
Cause they definitely didn't.
The whole thing was the fact that they were burning gas and to propel you in the
air, they only had a certain amount.
Okay. I thought it was like 20 minutes, 20, 30 minutes. Maybe. Now my,
my understanding of why we abandoned jet pack technology was that it was
inefficient and heavy and you couldn't carry it without it being turned on.
So they opted for larger, like, you know, like, um, what are they called? Uh,
GenOx helicopters that can carry multiple people,
multiple people at once when you're wearing a jet pack,
it has to be on idle re uh, negating its own weight,
which means it's burning as you're walking around,
which means you get a good 20 minute jump and you gotta abandon the tech and
then you don't want your, your enemies to get.
It. Have you ever seen a guy fly a jet pack? Yeah. There's a video on YouTube.
No, I mean, in real life.
Oh, I sent that one guy, the iron man, dude.
I've been there and real, and my friend, Willie B from, uh,
in Denver on the radio, he had a radio show in the morning. I choose radio show.
I think he still has a show shout out to Willie. And, um,
he had this guy who was a Jetpack pilot who
came in and in the parking lot of the radio studio and, you know,
fans of the radio show came and did it too. And, and watched it rather.
And this guy flew in the air for about 15, 20 seconds and then landed,
this guy was so banged up. Both of his legs were blown apart. He had, uh,
he had big braces on both of his knees. I'm like, what happened to your knees?
He's like just crash landing. Both my knees are blown to.
Had no ACL's and neither one of his knees. But what's what I'm saying
that this is back then. It was good for about 30 seconds, 30 seconds of flying.
Well.
So the point I was trying to get to is if you take something like a quad copter,
you could absolutely feel it with, with, you know, gas or be loud as,
but it would, it would, depending on how you mitigate that orange,
it'd be an engine. It would be loud as. And you'd hear from the,
from the quad rotors.
What these people are describing is nothing like that.
These people are describing things that are silent,
that go from zero to a thousand miles an hour in a split. Second.
The things that defy physics,
as we understand that this is not something that I think that the U S government
has. I just said, if you look at like, okay, like Elon Musk's company,
project X or a space X space, X is right now,
one of the premier, civilian companies, private companies,
that's making rocket ship. They up all the time.
They're in the middle of innovating all the time.
He's one of the smartest people on earth. He's one of the,
in terms of technology he's he knows as much about propulsion as anyone and
they still can't get it. Right.
They're still trying to figure it out that trying to come up with something that
could be viable in terms of commercial space flight and they're working on it
daily. And these,
these people with the brightest minds we know of right now that are in this jet
propulsion space, travel business, there's, you know,
Virgin is working on something is a couple of other companies that are working
on things as well.
And then you have NASA which worked there the best they could come up with was
the space shuttle. Right?
Do you think that there is something way better than space shuttle?
They just never used that they had, and they, they kept it on the back burner.
Didn't want to let anybody know,
but the way they would use it as they would pick people up and erase their
memory and X Hornets are. That's crazy. Well,
that's less likely than the hundreds of billions of galaxies
just in our own, in our own known universe, right?
Each one with hundreds of billions of stars,
each star with who knows how many planets that somewhere out there,
that something more advanced than us, maybe a thousand years,
maybe a million years, but it's figured out how to come here.
Why hasn't, why, why hasn't anyone discovered them? Why,
why is SETI failed search record search for extraterrestrial intelligence?
I haven't.
The chimps invented guns. They've started using more tools,
but why haven't they invented guns though? I don't know. So why hasn't said he,
you, if that was the same answer, they're not advanced enough yet. Really? It's,
it's a real simple answer. The industrial age is pretty recent, right? I mean,
you think about when people invented cars, you're talking about 1800,
that's really recent and we've only used lights, 18 hundreds.
A high power radio transmission is only in the past a hundred years or so.
Right.
You saw, ever seen the movie contact. Maybe that's an old one, right?
It's Jodie foster and Matthew McConaughey.
It's based on Carl Sagan's book about contact with space and with aliens,
how it's going to go down. I think I did see it recently. I can't interesting,
interesting take on it.
But the idea is that they've received the signal that we sent out.
Way, way back in the day, actually, when the,
the first broadcast signal was Hitler announcing the Olympic games to start at
the Berlin games. Uh, this was the first signal they got.
It was a really controversial moment in the movie or controversy, you know,
in the plot with that,
once they were trying to decipher the image that was being sent,
they realized it was Hitler. Yeah.
The first thing they see is a swastika and they're like,
what the is this back to us? And then they had to realize, oh no, no, no.
This is the first image that we sent out to space.
They wouldn't be able to understand the political or historical context of this.
Well, so.
So I got a few,
there's a few issues I see in terms of aliens and earth contact, right?
We are substantially more connected, you know, in,
in an evolutionary chain to ants than we are to any alien. So we,
we can't communicate with them for the most part.
We kind of can we understand how they communicate,
but when an ant sees a super highway, this something,
this is someone else's quote, they don't think twice. So it's possible.
There are aliens that have super highways right above us.
We can't tell what it is.
Same as a dog doesn't understand other than stay away from it. But one of the,
one of the issues I think is often neglected in the conversation about aliens is
the, uh, we, we assume aliens would be on a very similar planet to us.
We assume that they would have some kind of gaseous atmosphere,
perhaps it's a liquid atmosphere.
And one of the things that I would ask of a researcher,
because I'm not the expert is the fact that we have the proper balance of oxygen
in the atmosphere to manipulate fire,
which allows us to separate elements and then create, uh,
computers and components and fuels wouldn't exist on a planet without the same,
you know, atmosphere stop.
I can answer that really easily. Yeah.
There's no known propulsion system for any of these crafts.
These things are not using fire. They don't have a heat signal there.
They don't know what they are. They don't know how that works.
I don't, I don't mean propulsion. I mean the separation of elements,
the manipulation of elements, right? So we,
we melt things and separate them and break them down.
They don't believe that that's how it works. No,
but I mean like how do you even start from, I'm sure there's an answer.
You know, let's say you have,
you have a species that lives on a planet with no oxygen and has no access to
fire. What energy,
like what dense energy source do they have that will allow them to manipulate
matter?
Do you know the Rob, those are the, Bible's our story. I do. Yeah. Well,
one of the things that he talked when he first stopped working for
[inaudible] and the government was tapping his phones and, you know, there's,
there's a lot that can be documented about him. There's a lot that can't be.
But one of the things that he talked about was a thing called element one 15,
right? That element one 15,
this insanely dense element that they use to bend gravity.
And that the way he described the way that propulsion system works,
it's like putting a bowling ball in the center of a very soft mattress and that
all of the other mattress, all the rest of the mattress,
the mattress bends around the intense mass of the bowling ball.
And that this is how these incredibly advanced aliens from this other
planet use. This is their propulsion system. That was from.
From star Trek though. The, the concept of warp was around for a really long.
I think.
The concept is based on Einstein's theory of gravity.
I mean, this is the whole idea. If you could find something that could do that,
but here's the thing when Bob Lasar talked about this in the late eighties,
early nineties, this element didn't exist. Now it does it wasn't,
it wasn't proven until they did it in a particle Collider.
I believe it was 2013.
So your name is talking about this element far before it was, it was,
and he's apparently this is the big rumor.
He apparently had taken some of that from a lab and through George
Nori. And it was a George Nori. Yes. They did some experiments on the,
on television and showed that this stuff had made a light and
fog bended away that they couldn't describe.
And he also did. He also claimed to see a small alien creature on his way out.
He said he saw something that was sitting down,
but he doesn't know if it was a model that they were using.
Like if they had created something that was supposed to be the size of a thing
that could fit in these crafts, because these crafts, he said,
were designed for things that were far smaller than human beings. I'm pretty.
Sure in the initial interview he gave, when he went public,
was that he saw an alien. And then later on changed at saying,
I don't know if it was maybe a model or.
A puppet. Yeah. He said,
he thought he saw something sitting down and two people standing over it,
looking at it. He said, he thought he saw an alien, you know, but he's probably,
I mean, I don't know. I mean, look,
he said it was literally for like a half a second.
Like he was walking by a window and he sees something inside of it.
Imagine being a guy who was in your twenties and you're a propulsion expert,
and it's been proven that he worked at Los Alamos labs has been proven that he
did put a jet engine. Yeah.
It's been proven that he did put a jet engine on a Honda. I mean, he's a genius.
And then you'd talk to him. He's an incredibly smart guy.
Now imagine you get sent off to area as four and they show you this thing
that, you know, doesn't even exist.
And they tell you about this propulsion method that they don't understand.
And they say that they found this a long time ago in an archeological dig and
they want you to back engineer it because you're a propulsions expert and
they're running out of options. They've been studying this for decades.
No one knows what the it is or how that, how you can make it work.
And then they do test flights with this thing.
And then he tells his friends about these test flights after he gets fi you
know, how you got fired. Do you know the story about him getting fired?
He leaked it or something? No, no. His wife was her flight instructor. Oh.
And so when his wife was her flight instructor,
they told him he couldn't work anymore. And he's like, why not? Well,
they were tapping his phone because when you have top secret clearance to work
on UFO's, I guess they don't want your fight. Your,
your wife her flight instructor, because then you're going to go crazy. And you,
you have a lot of imbalance at home, right?
So he doesn't know why they don't tell him why.
So he takes his friends and he tells them, listen, this is, this is real.
They're they're running these experiments. I know you think I'm crazy.
This is what I've been working on.
So he takes them to this area where you used to be able to have access to.
But once he did this,
they closed off access and pushed it far back to where the public has access to.
And he showed them these things,
doing these impossible maneuvers in the desert in the night sky.
This I remember. And so then he gets arrested. And so when he gets arrested,
he was fear. He was in fear of his own life.
He goes public and tells this whole story. And then they erase his past.
They erase his social security number. They erase his education background,
even though people that knew him and knew he worked at Los Alamos labs,
he takes George Nori have a tour of Los Alamos labs,
knows the people that work there. They all say hi to him.
He takes them on a tour around the laboratory,
shows them around and shows them the, the, the,
the devices they use for biometric security. And.
I think the one thing you can't ignore is that he, he, there was,
there was documentation that he did work at one of these places and they later
claimed he didn't. And like, I, I think I was watching the thing on,
maybe it was Netflix. I think like, he, he promoted that, right.
It was on Netflix. They show the paper, like we found it. Yes.
Like he clearly was there.
He was on the employee register. Yeah, no it's but.
But you know, for me, um, you know, man, I'd love to believe at all. He's been.
Insanely consistent about that story. Yeah.
For 40 years, I, I want to believe, you.
Know what I mean, 30 years, whatever I want to believe too. That's the problem,
man picks her didn't happen. I want to believe, but that's nonsense.
Pixer it didn't happen is nonsense. Well, how do you, how do you, you know,
how do you, what about Neanderthals? No. What about dinosaurs? It's not mix.
I'm more so joking. Right. But I mean, show me the evidence. Right? I get it.
Let's, you know, the, the, the challenge with any theory. I, I don't like it.
I don't like saying conspiracy theory because they're not always conspiracies is
that people want something to be true.
And so they end up looking for things to justify what they think it already is.
Of course,
instead of starting with what you've got and trying to figure out where it goes
from there.
But when you start with what you've got,
you've got a guy who was living in Vegas, was taking these flights out to area.
[inaudible] knows the place, knows it inside out. Can describe it.
Very accurately. Also worked at Los Alamos labs.
He describes that very accurately. Yeah. It proves he worked there. Yeah.
But also proves he's he's also a legitimate scientist. But what I mean,
when you talk to the, he's a brilliant guy, he's like, he's not a nut. Right.
But what are you saying, aliens? That doesn't mean aliens.
No, I'm just asking like, so.
It doesn't mean aliens, but that's what he was told.
What he was told is this is something that has come from somewhere else and
they're trying to figure out how to work it and how to use it if.
Uh, we're in a simulation and this was something that was leftover code,
or it wasn't supposed to be placed in this curtain.
Interaction or would,
if there's multiple dimensions that we don't have access to and that these
things.